Final Lab assessment 28-08-24
Instrucions:
Please read the questions given below and execute them.
Each questions have different weightages.
caputure the screenshots and provide the same as evidence

1. Create your first container with the following details,
Container Name: myfirstcontainer
image: httpd
mode: detached
host OS Port: 8880 (find the target port by inspecting the container)



2. Create your second container with the following details,
Container Name: mysecondcontainer
Image: httpd
mode: detached
host OS Port: 8888  (find the target port by inspecting the container)
volume hostPath: /webcontent/html
Volume target Path: /var/www/html


3. Login to the mysecondcontainer, and do the following
File path: /var/www/html
Filename: index.html
Add the text: The Ip address of this container is <<IP-Address>>
NOTE: <<IP-Address>> refers to the real IP address of that container.


4. Create a simplecontainer by using ubi image;
ContainerName: simplecontainer
Image: ubi (search and find)
Show that the container should be running for the next 100seconds


5. Create a db container as per the below requirements;
ConatinerName: dbcontainer
Image: mysql (search and find)
Make sure that the container should be running in detached mode without any errors.




1. Perform the following on your existing cluster
a) Create the namespace exkube
b) Deploy and start the echoserver application in exkube namespace as per below instruction:
Deployment Name: echo-exkube
Container Image: registry.k8s.io/echoserver:1.9  (use httpd or nginx image if this is image is not working for you)
Container Name: echo-exkube-cont
Label: app=echo-studentX

c) Once the deployment is successfully created and the pod status is RUNNING, take a screenshot of the below command and paste below:
kubectl get all -n exkube

d) Scale the application
Scale the application to have 3 replicas.

c) Use Services to load balance between multiple Pods of the app
Expose the service using the type Nodeport and assign the port number as 31202.

d) Screenshot of service. Provide screenshot of the following command:
kubectl describe svc <service name> -n exkube


2. Create a pod using the following specifications:
Name: random-logger-studentX
Image: chentex/random-logger  (use httpd or nginx image if this is image is not working for you)
Namespace: default


3. Create a nginx pod such that the pod always runs on node2
Name: nginx-studentX-pod
Namespace: mytcs
Node: node2

4. Provide screenshot of the command that shows nginx pod you created in previous Question is running in your cluster.

5. Create the Pod as per the following specifications:
Name: simple-pod-kube
Namespace: machinelearning
Maximum CPU: 750m
Maximum Memory: 500Mi
(use httpd or nginx image)

